About the job
Role

Together AI is looking for an AI Engineer who will develop systems and APIs that enable our customers to perform inference and fine tune LLMs. Relevant experience includes implementing runtime systems that perform inference at scale using AI/ML models from simple models up to the largest LLMs.


Requirements

5+ years experience writing high-performance, well-tested, production quality code
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent industry experience
Demonstrated experience in building large scale, fault tolerant, distributed systems like storage, search, and computation
Expert level programmer in one or more of Python, Go, Rust, or C/C++
Experience implementing runtime inference services at scale or similar
Excellent understanding of low level operating systems concepts including multi-threading, memory management, networking and storage, performance and scale
GPU programming, NCCL, CUDA knowledge a plus
Experience with Pytorch or Tensorflow, a plus


Responsibilities

Design and build the production systems that power the Together Cloud inference and fine-tuning APIs, enabling reliability and performance at scale
Partner with researchers, engineers, product managers, and designers to bring new features and research capabilities to the world
Perform architecture and research work for AI workloads
Analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources
Conduct design and code reviews
Create services, tools & developer documentation
Create testing frameworks for robustness and fault-tolerance
Participate in an on-call rotation to respond to critical incidents as needed


About Together AI

Together AI is a research-driven artificial intelligence company. We believe open and transparent AI systems will drive innovation and create the best outcomes for society, and together we are on a mission to significantly lower the cost of modern AI systems by co-designing software, hardware, algorithms, and models. We have contributed to leading open-source research, models, and datasets to advance the frontier of AI, and our team has been behind technological advancement such as FlashAttention, Hyena, FlexGen, and RedPajama. We invite you to join a passionate group of researchers and engineers in our journey in building the next generation AI infrastructure.


Compensation

We offer competitive compensation, startup equity, health insurance and other competitive benefits. The US base salary range for this full-time position is: $160,000 - $220,000 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by location, level and role. Individual compensation will be determined by experience, skills, and job-related knowledge.


Equal Opportunity

Together AI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more.

Base salary
$160,000/yr - $220,000/yr (from job description)